
SeqToSeq Fingerprint
--------------------

In this example, we will use a ``SeqToSeq`` model to generate
fingerprints for classifying molecules. This is based on the following
paper, although some of the implementation details are different: Xu et
al., “Seq2seq Fingerprint: An Unsupervised Deep Molecular Embedding for
Drug Discovery” (https://doi.org/10.1145/3107411.3107424).

Many types of models require their inputs to have a fixed shape. Since
molecules can vary widely in the numbers of atoms and bonds they
contain, this makes it hard to apply those models to them. We need a way
of generating a fixed length “fingerprint” for each molecule. Various
ways of doing this have been designed, such as Extended-Connectivity
Fingerprints (ECFPs). But in this example, instead of designing a
fingerprint by hand, we will let a ``SeqToSeq`` model learn its own
method of creating fingerprints.

A ``SeqToSeq`` model performs sequence to sequence translation. For
example, they are often used to translate text from one language to
another. It consists of two parts called the “encoder” and “decoder”.
The encoder is a stack of recurrent layers. The input sequence is fed
into it, one token at a time, and it generates a fixed length vector
called the “embedding vector”. The decoder is another stack of recurrent
layers that performs the inverse operation: it takes the embedding
vector as input, and generates the output sequence. By training it on
appropriately chosen input/output pairs, you can create a model that
performs many sorts of transformations.

In this case, we will use SMILES strings describing molecules as the
input sequences. We will train the model as an autoencoder, so it tries
to make the output sequences identical to the input sequences. For that
to work, the encoder must create embedding vectors that contain all
information from the original sequence. That’s exactly what we want in a
fingerprint, so perhaps those embedding vectors will then be useful as a
way to represent molecules in other models!

Let’s start by loading the data. We will use the MUV dataset. It
includes 74,501 molecules in the training set, and 9313 molecules in the
validation set, so it gives us plenty of SMILES strings to work with.

.. code:: ipython3

    import deepchem as dc
    tasks, datasets, transformers = dc.molnet.load_muv()
    train_dataset, valid_dataset, test_dataset = datasets
    train_smiles = train_dataset.ids
    valid_smiles = valid_dataset.ids


.. parsed-literal::

    About to load MUV dataset.
    Loading dataset from disk.
    Loading dataset from disk.
    Loading dataset from disk.


We need to define the “alphabet” for our ``SeqToSeq`` model, the list of
all tokens that can appear in sequences. (It’s also possible for input
and output sequences to have different alphabets, but since we’re
training it as an autoencoder, they’re identical in this case.) Make a
list of every character that appears in any training sequence.

.. code:: ipython3

    tokens = set()
    for s in train_smiles:
      tokens = tokens.union(set(c for c in s))
    tokens = sorted(list(tokens))

Create the model and define the optimization method to use. In this
case, learning works much better if we gradually decrease the learning
rate. We use an ``ExponentialDecay`` to multiply the learning rate by
0.9 after each epoch.

.. code:: ipython3

    from deepchem.models.tensorgraph.optimizers import Adam, ExponentialDecay
    max_length = max(len(s) for s in train_smiles)
    model = dc.models.SeqToSeq(tokens,
                               tokens,
                               max_length,
                               encoder_layers=2,
                               decoder_layers=2,
                               embedding_dimension=256,
                               model_dir='fingerprint')
    batches_per_epoch = len(train_smiles)/model.batch_size
    model.set_optimizer(Adam(learning_rate=ExponentialDecay(0.004, 0.9, batches_per_epoch)))

Let’s train it! The input to ``fit_sequences()`` is a generator that
produces input/output pairs. On a good GPU, this should take a few hours
or less.

.. code:: ipython3

    def generate_sequences(epochs):
      for i in range(epochs):
        for s in train_smiles:
          yield (s, s)
    
    model.fit_sequences(generate_sequences(40))


.. parsed-literal::

    Ending global_step 999: Average loss 72.0029
    Ending global_step 1999: Average loss 40.7221
    Ending global_step 2999: Average loss 31.5364
    Ending global_step 3999: Average loss 26.4576
    Ending global_step 4999: Average loss 22.814
    Ending global_step 5999: Average loss 19.5248
    Ending global_step 6999: Average loss 16.4594
    Ending global_step 7999: Average loss 18.8898
    Ending global_step 8999: Average loss 13.476
    Ending global_step 9999: Average loss 11.5528
    Ending global_step 10999: Average loss 10.1594
    Ending global_step 11999: Average loss 10.6434
    Ending global_step 12999: Average loss 6.57057
    Ending global_step 13999: Average loss 6.46177
    Ending global_step 14999: Average loss 7.53559
    Ending global_step 15999: Average loss 4.95809
    Ending global_step 16999: Average loss 4.35039
    Ending global_step 17999: Average loss 3.39137
    Ending global_step 18999: Average loss 3.5216
    Ending global_step 19999: Average loss 3.08579
    Ending global_step 20999: Average loss 2.80738
    Ending global_step 21999: Average loss 2.92217
    Ending global_step 22999: Average loss 2.51032
    Ending global_step 23999: Average loss 1.86265
    Ending global_step 24999: Average loss 1.67088
    Ending global_step 25999: Average loss 1.87016
    Ending global_step 26999: Average loss 1.61166
    Ending global_step 27999: Average loss 1.40708
    Ending global_step 28999: Average loss 1.4488
    Ending global_step 29801: Average loss 1.33917
    TIMING: model fitting took 5619.924 s


Let’s see how well it works as an autoencoder. We’ll run the first 500
molecules from the validation set through it, and see how many of them
are exactly reproduced.

.. code:: ipython3

    predicted = model.predict_from_sequences(valid_smiles[:500])
    count = 0
    for s,p in zip(valid_smiles[:500], predicted):
      if ''.join(p) == s:
        count += 1
    print('reproduced', count, 'of 500 validation SMILES strings')


.. parsed-literal::

    reproduced 363 of 500 validation SMILES strings


Now we’ll trying using the encoder as a way to generate molecular
fingerprints. We compute the embedding vectors for all molecules in the
training and validation datasets, and create new datasets that have
those as their feature vectors. The amount of data is small enough that
we can just store everything in memory.

.. code:: ipython3

    train_embeddings = model.predict_embeddings(train_smiles)
    train_embeddings_dataset = dc.data.NumpyDataset(train_embeddings,
                                                    train_dataset.y,
                                                    train_dataset.w,
                                                    train_dataset.ids)
    
    valid_embeddings = model.predict_embeddings(valid_smiles)
    valid_embeddings_dataset = dc.data.NumpyDataset(valid_embeddings,
                                                    valid_dataset.y,
                                                    valid_dataset.w,
                                                    valid_dataset.ids)

For classification, we’ll use a simple fully connected network with one
hidden layer.

.. code:: ipython3

    classifier = dc.models.MultiTaskClassifier(n_tasks=len(tasks),
                                                          n_features=256,
                                                          layer_sizes=[512])
    classifier.fit(train_embeddings_dataset, nb_epoch=10)


.. parsed-literal::

    Ending global_step 999: Average loss 829.805
    Ending global_step 1999: Average loss 450.42
    Ending global_step 2999: Average loss 326.079
    Ending global_step 3999: Average loss 265.199
    Ending global_step 4999: Average loss 246.724
    Ending global_step 5999: Average loss 224.64
    Ending global_step 6999: Average loss 202.624
    Ending global_step 7460: Average loss 213.885
    TIMING: model fitting took 19.780 s


Find out how well it worked. Compute the ROC AUC for the training and
validation datasets.

.. code:: ipython3

    import numpy as np
    metric = dc.metrics.Metric(dc.metrics.roc_auc_score, np.mean, mode="classification")
    train_score = classifier.evaluate(train_embeddings_dataset, [metric], transformers)
    valid_score = classifier.evaluate(valid_embeddings_dataset, [metric], transformers)
    print('Training set ROC AUC:', train_score)
    print('Validation set ROC AUC:', valid_score)


.. parsed-literal::

    computed_metrics: [0.97828427249789751, 0.98705973960125326, 0.966007068438685, 0.9874401066031584, 0.97794394675150698, 0.98021719680962449, 0.95318452689781941, 0.97185747562764213, 0.96389538770053473, 0.96798988621997473, 0.9690779239145807, 0.98544402211472004, 0.97762497271338133, 0.96843239633294886, 0.97753648081489997, 0.96504683675485614, 0.93547151958366914]
    computed_metrics: [0.90790686952512678, 0.79891461649782913, 0.61900937081659968, 0.75241212956581671, 0.58678903240426017, 0.72765072765072758, 0.34929006085192693, 0.83986814712005553, 0.82379943502824859, 0.61844636844636847, 0.863620199146515, 0.68106930272108857, 0.98020477815699669, 0.85073580939032944, 0.781015678254942, 0.75399733510992673, nan]
    Training set ROC AUC: {'mean-roc_auc_score': 0.97132433878689139}
    Validation set ROC AUC: {'mean-roc_auc_score': 0.74592061629292239}

