
Modeling Solubility
===================

Written by Bharath Ramsundar and Evan Feinberg

Copyright 2016, Stanford University

Computationally predicting molecular solubility through is useful for
drug-discovery. In this tutorial, we will use the ``deepchem`` library
to fit a simple statistical model that predicts the solubility of
drug-like compounds. The process of fitting this model involves four
steps:

1. Loading a chemical dataset, consisting of a series of compounds along
   with aqueous solubility measurements.
2. Transforming each compound into a feature vector
   :math:`v \in \mathbb{R}^n` comprehensible to statistical learning
   methods.
3. Fitting a simple model that maps feature vectors to estimates of
   aqueous solubility.
4. Visualizing the results.

We need to load a dataset of estimated aqueous solubility measurements
[1] into deepchem. The data is in CSV format and contains SMILES
strings, predicted aqueaous solubilities, and a number of extraneous
(for our purposes) molecular properties. Here is an example line from
the dataset:

+---+-------------+---+---+-------+---+------+--------------------+---+
| C | ESOL        | M | M | Numbe | N | Numb | Polar Surface Area | m |
| o | predicted   | i | o | r     | u | er   |                    | e |
| m | log         | n | l | of    | m | of   |                    | a |
| p | solubility  | i | e | H-Bon | b | Rota |                    | s |
| o | in mols per | m | c | d     | e | tabl |                    | u |
| u | litre       | u | u | Donor | r | e    |                    | r |
| n |             | m | l | s     | o | Bond |                    | e |
| d |             | D | a |       | f | s    |                    | d |
| I |             | e | r |       | R |      |                    | l |
| D |             | g | W |       | i |      |                    | o |
|   |             | r | e |       | n |      |                    | g |
|   |             | e | i |       | g |      |                    | s |
|   |             | e | g |       | s |      |                    | o |
|   |             |   | h |       |   |      |                    | l |
|   |             |   | t |       |   |      |                    | u |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | b |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | i |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | l |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | i |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | t |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | y |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | i |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | n |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | m |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | o |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | l |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | s |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | p |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | e |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | r |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | l |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | i |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | t |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | r |
|   |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    | e |
+===+=============+===+===+=======+===+======+====================+===+
| b | -2.733      | 2 | 1 | 0     | 2 | 0    | 12.89              | - |
| e |             |   | 3 |       |   |      |                    | 1 |
| n |             |   | 5 |       |   |      |                    | . |
| z |             |   | . |       |   |      |                    | 5 |
| o |             |   | 1 |       |   |      |                    |   |
| t |             |   | 9 |       |   |      |                    |   |
| h |             |   | 1 |       |   |      |                    |   |
| i |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    |   |
| a |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    |   |
| z |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    |   |
| o |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    |   |
| l |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    |   |
| e |             |   |   |       |   |      |                    |   |
+---+-------------+---+---+-------+---+------+--------------------+---+

Most of these fields are not useful for our purposes. The two fields
that we will need are the “smiles” field and the “measured log
solubility in mols per litre”. The “smiles” field holds a SMILES string
[2] that specifies the compound in question. Before we load this data
into deepchem, we will load the data into python and do some simple
preliminary analysis to gain some intuition for the dataset.

.. code:: ipython3

    %autoreload 2
    %pdb off
    """
    Not Currently Working
    """
    from deepchem.utils.save import load_from_disk
    
    dataset_file= "../../datasets/delaney-processed.csv"
    dataset = load_from_disk(dataset_file)
    print("Columns of dataset: %s" % str(dataset.columns.values))
    print("Number of examples in dataset: %s" % str(dataset.shape[0]))


.. parsed-literal::

    ERROR:root:Line magic function `%autoreload` not found.


.. parsed-literal::

    Automatic pdb calling has been turned OFF


.. parsed-literal::

    /home/leswing/anaconda3/envs/deepchem27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sklearn/cross_validation.py:44: DeprecationWarning: This module was deprecated in version 0.18 in favor of the model_selection module into which all the refactored classes and functions are moved. Also note that the interface of the new CV iterators are different from that of this module. This module will be removed in 0.20.
      "This module will be removed in 0.20.", DeprecationWarning)


.. parsed-literal::

    Columns of dataset: ['Compound ID' 'ESOL predicted log solubility in mols per litre'
     'Minimum Degree' 'Molecular Weight' 'Number of H-Bond Donors'
     'Number of Rings' 'Number of Rotatable Bonds' 'Polar Surface Area'
     'measured log solubility in mols per litre' 'smiles']
    Number of examples in dataset: 1128


To gain a visual understanding of compounds in our dataset, let’s draw
them using rdkit. We define a couple of helper functions to get started.

.. code:: ipython3

    import tempfile
    from rdkit import Chem
    from rdkit.Chem import Draw
    from itertools import islice
    from IPython.display import Image, HTML, display
    
    def display_images(filenames):
        """Helper to pretty-print images."""
        imagesList=''.join(
            ["<img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='%s' />"
             % str(s) for s in sorted(filenames)])
        display(HTML(imagesList))
    
    def mols_to_pngs(mols, basename="test"):
        """Helper to write RDKit mols to png files."""
        filenames = []
        for i, mol in enumerate(mols):
            filename = "%s%d.png" % (basename, i)
            Draw.MolToFile(mol, filename)
            filenames.append(filename)
        return filenames

Now, we display some compounds from the dataset:

.. code:: ipython3

    num_to_display = 14
    molecules = []
    for _, data in islice(dataset.iterrows(), num_to_display):
        molecules.append(Chem.MolFromSmiles(data["smiles"]))
    display_images(mols_to_pngs(molecules))



.. raw:: html

    <img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='test0.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='test1.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='test10.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='test11.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='test12.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='test13.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='test2.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='test3.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='test4.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='test5.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='test6.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='test7.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='test8.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='test9.png' />


Analyzing the distribution of solubilities shows us a nice spread of
data.

.. code:: ipython3

    %matplotlib inline
    import matplotlib
    import numpy as np
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    solubilities = np.array(dataset["measured log solubility in mols per litre"])
    n, bins, patches = plt.hist(solubilities, 50, facecolor='green', alpha=0.75)
    plt.xlabel('Measured log-solubility in mols/liter')
    plt.ylabel('Number of compounds')
    plt.title(r'Histogram of solubilities')
    plt.grid(True)
    plt.show()




.. image:: solubility_files/solubility_9_0.png


With our preliminary analysis completed, we return to the original goal
of constructing a predictive statistical model of molecular solubility
using ``deepchem``. The first step in creating such a molecule is
translating each compound into a vectorial format that can be understood
by statistical learning techniques. This process is commonly called
featurization. ``deepchem`` packages a number of commonly used
featurization for user convenience. In this tutorial, we will use ECPF4
fingeprints [3].

``deepchem`` offers an object-oriented API for featurization. To get
started with featurization, we first construct a ``Featurizer`` object.
``deepchem`` provides the ``CircularFingeprint`` class (a subclass of
``Featurizer`` that performs ECFP4 featurization).

.. code:: ipython3

    import deepchem as dc
    
    featurizer = dc.feat.CircularFingerprint(size=1024)

Now, let’s perform the actual featurization. ``deepchem`` provides the
``CSVLoader`` class for this purpose. The ``featurize()`` method for
this class loads data from disk and uses provided
``Featurizer``\ instances to transform the provided data into feature
vectors.

To perform machine learning upon these datasets, we need to convert the
samples into datasets suitable for machine-learning (that is, into data
matrix :math:`X \in \mathbb{R}^{n\times d}` where :math:`n` is the
number of samples and :math:`d` the dimensionality of the feature
vector, and into label vector :math:`y \in \mathbb{R}^n`). ``deepchem``
provides the ``Dataset`` class to facilitate this transformation. This
style lends itself easily to validation-set hyperparameter searches,
which we illustate below.

.. code:: ipython3

    loader = dc.data.CSVLoader(
          tasks=["measured log solubility in mols per litre"], smiles_field="smiles",
          featurizer=featurizer)
    dataset = loader.featurize(dataset_file)


.. parsed-literal::

    Loading raw samples now.
    shard_size: 8192
    About to start loading CSV from ../../datasets/delaney-processed.csv
    Loading shard 1 of size 8192.
    Featurizing sample 0
    Featurizing sample 1000
    TIMING: featurizing shard 0 took 2.016 s
    TIMING: dataset construction took 2.061 s
    Loading dataset from disk.


.. parsed-literal::

    /home/leswing/Documents/deepchem/deepchem/data/data_loader.py:42: UnicodeWarning: Unicode equal comparison failed to convert both arguments to Unicode - interpreting them as being unequal
      if y[ind, task] == "":


When constructing statistical models, it’s necessary to separate the
provided data into train/test subsets. The train subset is used to learn
the statistical model, while the test subset is used to evaluate the
learned model. In practice, it’s often useful to elaborate this split
further and perform a train/validation/test split. The validation set is
used to perform model selection. Proposed models are evaluated on the
validation-set, and the best performed model is at the end tested on the
test-set.

Choosing the proper method of performing a train/validation/test split
can be challenging. Standard machine learning practice is to perform a
random split of the data into train/validation/test, but random splits
are not well suited for the purposes of chemical informatics. For our
predictive models to be useful, we require them to have predictive power
in portions of chemical space beyond the set of molecules in the
training data. Consequently, our models should use splits of the data
that separate compounds in the training set from those in the validation
and test-sets. We use Bemis-Murcko scaffolds [5] to perform this
separation (all compounds that share an underlying molecular scaffold
will be placed into the same split in the train/test/validation split).

.. code:: ipython3

    splitter = dc.splits.ScaffoldSplitter(dataset_file)
    train_dataset, valid_dataset, test_dataset = splitter.train_valid_test_split(
        dataset)


.. parsed-literal::

    Computing train/valid/test indices
    About to generate scaffolds
    Generating scaffold 0/1128
    Generating scaffold 1000/1128
    About to sort in scaffold sets
    TIMING: dataset construction took 0.058 s
    Loading dataset from disk.
    TIMING: dataset construction took 0.027 s
    Loading dataset from disk.
    TIMING: dataset construction took 0.030 s
    Loading dataset from disk.


Let’s visually inspect some of the molecules in the separate splits to
verify that they appear structurally dissimilar. The
``FeaturizedSamples`` class provides an ``itersamples`` method that lets
us obtain the underlying compounds in each split.

.. code:: ipython3

    train_mols = [Chem.MolFromSmiles(compound)
                  for compound in train_dataset.ids]
    display_images(mols_to_pngs(train_mols, basename="train"))



.. raw:: html

    <img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train0.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train1.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train10.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train100.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train101.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train102.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train103.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train104.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train105.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train106.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train107.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train108.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train109.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train11.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train110.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train111.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train112.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train113.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train114.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train115.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train116.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train117.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train118.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train119.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train12.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train120.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train121.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train122.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train123.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train124.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train125.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train126.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train127.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train128.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train129.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train13.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train130.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train131.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train132.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train133.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train134.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train135.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train136.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train137.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train138.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train139.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train14.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train140.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train141.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train142.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train143.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train144.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train145.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train146.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train147.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train148.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train149.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train15.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train150.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train151.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train152.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train153.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train154.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train155.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train156.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train157.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train158.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train159.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train16.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train160.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train161.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train162.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train163.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train164.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train165.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train166.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train167.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train168.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train169.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train17.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train170.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train171.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train172.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train173.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train174.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train175.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train176.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train177.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train178.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train179.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train18.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train180.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train181.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train182.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train183.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train184.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train185.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train186.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train187.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train188.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train189.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train19.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train190.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train191.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train192.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train193.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train194.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train195.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train196.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train197.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train198.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train199.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train2.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train20.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train200.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train201.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train202.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train203.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train204.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train205.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train206.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train207.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train208.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train209.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train21.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train210.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train211.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train212.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train213.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train214.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train215.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train216.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train217.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train218.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train219.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train22.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train220.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train221.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train222.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train223.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train224.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train225.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train226.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train227.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train228.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train229.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train23.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train230.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train231.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train232.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train233.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train234.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train235.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train236.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train237.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train238.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train239.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train24.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train240.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train241.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train242.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train243.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train244.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train245.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train246.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train247.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train248.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train249.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train25.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train250.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train251.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train252.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train253.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train254.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train255.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train256.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train257.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train258.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train259.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train26.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train260.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train261.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train262.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train263.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train264.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train265.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train266.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train267.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train268.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train269.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train27.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train270.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train271.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train272.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train273.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train274.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train275.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train276.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train277.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train278.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train279.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train28.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train280.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train281.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train282.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train283.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train284.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train285.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train286.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train287.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train288.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train289.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train29.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train290.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train291.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train292.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train293.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train294.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train295.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train296.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train297.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train298.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train299.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train3.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train30.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train300.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train301.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train302.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train303.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train304.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train305.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train306.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train307.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train308.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train309.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train31.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train310.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train311.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train312.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train313.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train314.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train315.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train316.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train317.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train318.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train319.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train32.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train320.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train321.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train322.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train323.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train324.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train325.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train326.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train327.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train328.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train329.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train33.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train330.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train331.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train332.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train333.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train334.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train335.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train336.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train337.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train338.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train339.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train34.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train340.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train341.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train342.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train343.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train344.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train345.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train346.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train347.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train348.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train349.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train35.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train350.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train351.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train352.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train353.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train354.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train355.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train356.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train357.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train358.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train359.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train36.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train360.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train361.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train362.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train363.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train364.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train365.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train366.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train367.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train368.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train369.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train37.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train370.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train371.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train372.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train373.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train374.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train375.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train376.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train377.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train378.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train379.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train38.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train380.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train381.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train382.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train383.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train384.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train385.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train386.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train387.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train388.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train389.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train39.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train390.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train391.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train392.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train393.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train394.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train395.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train396.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train397.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train398.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train399.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train4.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train40.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train400.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train401.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train402.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train403.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train404.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train405.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train406.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train407.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train408.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train409.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train41.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train410.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train411.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train412.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train413.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train414.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train415.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train416.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train417.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train418.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train419.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train42.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train420.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train421.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train422.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train423.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train424.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train425.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train426.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train427.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train428.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train429.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train43.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train430.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train431.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train432.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train433.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train434.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train435.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train436.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train437.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train438.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train439.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train44.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train440.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train441.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train442.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train443.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train444.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train445.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train446.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train447.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train448.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train449.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train45.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train450.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train451.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train452.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train453.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train454.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train455.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train456.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train457.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train458.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train459.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train46.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train460.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train461.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train462.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train463.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train464.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train465.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train466.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train467.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train468.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train469.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train47.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train470.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train471.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train472.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train473.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train474.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train475.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train476.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train477.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train478.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train479.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train48.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train480.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train481.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train482.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train483.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train484.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train485.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train486.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train487.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train488.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train489.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train49.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train490.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train491.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train492.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train493.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train494.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train495.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train496.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train497.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train498.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train499.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train5.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train50.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train500.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train501.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train502.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train503.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train504.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train505.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train506.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train507.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train508.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train509.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train51.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train510.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train511.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train512.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train513.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train514.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train515.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train516.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train517.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train518.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train519.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train52.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train520.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train521.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train522.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train523.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train524.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train525.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train526.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train527.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train528.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train529.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train53.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train530.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train531.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train532.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train533.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train534.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train535.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train536.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train537.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train538.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train539.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train54.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train540.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train541.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train542.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train543.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train544.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train545.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train546.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train547.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train548.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train549.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train55.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train550.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train551.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train552.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train553.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train554.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train555.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train556.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train557.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train558.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train559.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train56.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train560.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train561.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train562.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train563.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train564.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train565.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train566.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train567.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train568.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train569.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train57.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train570.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train571.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train572.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train573.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train574.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train575.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train576.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train577.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train578.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train579.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train58.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train580.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train581.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train582.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train583.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train584.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train585.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train586.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train587.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train588.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train589.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train59.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train590.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train591.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train592.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train593.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train594.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train595.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train596.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train597.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train598.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train599.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train6.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train60.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train600.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train601.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train602.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train603.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train604.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train605.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train606.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train607.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train608.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train609.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train61.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train610.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train611.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train612.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train613.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train614.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train615.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train616.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train617.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train618.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train619.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train62.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train620.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train621.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train622.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train623.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train624.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train625.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train626.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train627.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train628.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train629.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train63.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train630.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train631.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train632.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train633.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train634.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train635.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train636.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train637.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train638.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train639.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train64.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train640.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train641.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train642.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train643.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train644.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train645.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train646.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train647.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train648.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train649.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train65.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train650.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train651.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train652.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train653.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train654.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train655.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train656.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train657.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train658.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train659.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train66.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train660.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train661.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train662.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train663.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train664.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train665.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train666.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train667.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train668.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train669.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train67.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train670.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train671.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train672.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train673.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train674.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train675.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train676.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train677.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train678.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train679.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train68.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train680.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train681.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train682.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train683.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train684.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train685.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train686.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train687.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train688.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train689.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train69.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train690.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train691.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train692.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train693.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train694.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train695.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train696.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train697.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train698.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train699.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train7.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train70.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train700.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train701.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train702.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train703.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train704.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train705.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train706.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train707.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train708.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train709.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train71.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train710.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train711.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train712.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train713.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train714.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train715.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train716.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train717.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train718.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train719.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train72.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train720.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train721.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train722.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train723.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train724.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train725.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train726.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train727.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train728.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train729.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train73.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train730.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train731.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train732.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train733.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train734.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train735.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train736.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train737.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train738.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train739.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train74.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train740.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train741.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train742.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train743.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train744.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train745.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train746.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train747.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train748.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train749.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train75.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train750.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train751.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train752.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train753.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train754.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train755.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train756.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train757.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train758.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train759.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train76.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train760.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train761.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train762.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train763.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train764.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train765.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train766.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train767.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train768.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train769.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train77.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train770.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train771.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train772.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train773.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train774.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train775.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train776.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train777.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train778.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train779.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train78.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train780.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train781.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train782.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train783.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train784.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train785.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train786.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train787.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train788.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train789.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train79.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train790.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train791.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train792.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train793.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train794.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train795.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train796.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train797.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train798.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train799.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train8.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train80.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train800.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train801.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train802.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train803.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train804.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train805.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train806.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train807.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train808.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train809.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train81.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train810.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train811.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train812.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train813.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train814.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train815.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train816.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train817.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train818.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train819.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train82.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train820.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train821.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train822.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train823.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train824.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train825.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train826.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train827.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train828.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train829.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train83.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train830.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train831.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train832.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train833.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train834.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train835.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train836.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train837.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train838.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train839.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train84.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train840.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train841.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train842.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train843.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train844.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train845.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train846.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train847.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train848.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train849.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train85.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train850.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train851.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train852.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train853.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train854.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train855.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train856.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train857.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train858.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train859.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train86.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train860.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train861.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train862.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train863.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train864.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train865.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train866.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train867.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train868.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train869.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train87.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train870.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train871.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train872.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train873.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train874.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train875.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train876.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train877.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train878.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train879.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train88.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train880.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train881.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train882.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train883.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train884.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train885.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train886.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train887.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train888.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train889.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train89.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train890.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train891.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train892.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train893.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train894.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train895.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train896.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train897.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train898.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train899.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train9.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train90.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train900.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train901.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train91.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train92.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train93.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train94.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train95.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train96.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train97.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train98.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='train99.png' />


.. code:: ipython3

    valid_mols = [Chem.MolFromSmiles(compound)
                  for compound in valid_dataset.ids]
    display_images(mols_to_pngs(valid_mols, basename="valid"))



.. raw:: html

    <img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid0.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid1.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid10.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid100.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid101.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid102.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid103.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid104.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid105.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid106.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid107.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid108.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid109.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid11.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid110.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid111.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid112.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid12.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid13.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid14.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid15.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid16.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid17.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid18.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid19.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid2.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid20.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid21.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid22.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid23.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid24.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid25.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid26.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid27.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid28.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid29.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid3.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid30.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid31.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid32.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid33.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid34.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid35.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid36.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid37.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid38.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid39.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid4.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid40.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid41.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid42.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid43.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid44.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid45.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid46.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid47.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid48.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid49.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid5.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid50.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid51.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid52.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid53.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid54.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid55.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid56.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid57.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid58.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid59.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid6.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid60.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid61.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid62.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid63.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid64.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid65.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid66.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid67.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid68.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid69.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid7.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid70.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid71.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid72.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid73.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid74.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid75.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid76.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid77.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid78.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid79.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid8.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid80.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid81.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid82.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid83.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid84.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid85.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid86.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid87.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid88.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid89.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid9.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid90.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid91.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid92.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid93.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid94.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid95.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid96.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid97.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid98.png' /><img style='width: 140px; margin: 0px; float: left; border: 1px solid black;' src='valid99.png' />


Notice the visual distinction between the train/validation splits. The
most-common scaffolds are reserved for the train split, with the rarer
scaffolds allotted to validation/test.

The performance of common machine-learning algorithms can be very
sensitive to preprocessing of the data. One common transformation
applied to data is to normalize it to have zero-mean and
unit-standard-deviation. We will apply this transformation to the
log-solubility (as seen above, the log-solubility ranges from -12 to 2).

.. code:: ipython3

    transformers = [
        dc.trans.NormalizationTransformer(transform_y=True, dataset=train_dataset)]
    
    for dataset in [train_dataset, valid_dataset, test_dataset]:
      for transformer in transformers:
          dataset = transformer.transform(dataset)


.. parsed-literal::

    TIMING: dataset construction took 0.042 s
    Loading dataset from disk.
    TIMING: dataset construction took 0.009 s
    Loading dataset from disk.
    TIMING: dataset construction took 0.009 s
    Loading dataset from disk.


The next step after processing the data is to start fitting simple
learning models to our data. ``deepchem`` provides a number of
machine-learning model classes.

In particular, ``deepchem`` provides a convenience class,
``SklearnModel`` that wraps any machine-learning model available in
scikit-learn [6]. Consequently, we will start by building a simple
random-forest regressor that attempts to predict the log-solubility from
our computed ECFP4 features. To train the model, we instantiate the
``SklearnModel`` object, then call the ``fit()`` method on the
``train_dataset`` we constructed above. We then save the model to disk.

.. code:: ipython3

    from sklearn.ensemble import RandomForestRegressor
    
    sklearn_model = RandomForestRegressor(n_estimators=100)
    model = dc.models.SklearnModel(sklearn_model)
    model.fit(train_dataset)

We next evaluate the model on the validation set to see its predictive
power. ``deepchem`` provides the ``Evaluator`` class to facilitate this
process. To evaluate the constructed ``model`` object, create a new
``Evaluator`` instance and call the ``compute_model_performance()``
method.

.. code:: ipython3

    from deepchem.utils.evaluate import Evaluator
    
    metric = dc.metrics.Metric(dc.metrics.r2_score)
    evaluator = Evaluator(model, valid_dataset, transformers)
    r2score = evaluator.compute_model_performance([metric])
    print(r2score)



.. parsed-literal::

    computed_metrics: [0.15666969194533098]
    {'r2_score': 0.15666969194533098}


The performance of this basic random-forest model isn’t very strong. To
construct stronger models, let’s attempt to optimize the hyperparameters
(choices made in the model-specification) to achieve better performance.
For random forests, we can tweak ``n_estimators`` which controls the
number of trees in the forest, and ``max_features`` which controls the
number of features to consider when performing a split. We now build a
series of ``SklearnModel``\ s with different choices for
``n_estimators`` and ``max_features`` and evaluate performance on the
validation set.

.. code:: ipython3

    def rf_model_builder(model_params, model_dir):
      sklearn_model = RandomForestRegressor(**model_params)
      return dc.models.SklearnModel(sklearn_model, model_dir)
    params_dict = {
        "n_estimators": [10, 100],
        "max_features": ["auto", "sqrt", "log2", None],
    }
    
    metric = dc.metrics.Metric(dc.metrics.r2_score)
    optimizer = dc.hyper.HyperparamOpt(rf_model_builder)
    best_rf, best_rf_hyperparams, all_rf_results = optimizer.hyperparam_search(
        params_dict, train_dataset, valid_dataset, transformers,
        metric=metric)


.. parsed-literal::

    Fitting model 1/8
    hyperparameters: {'n_estimators': 10, 'max_features': 'auto'}
    computed_metrics: [0.16084049792955879]
    Model 1/8, Metric r2_score, Validation set 0: 0.160840
    	best_validation_score so far: 0.160840
    Fitting model 2/8
    hyperparameters: {'n_estimators': 10, 'max_features': 'sqrt'}
    computed_metrics: [0.24188860561412873]
    Model 2/8, Metric r2_score, Validation set 1: 0.241889
    	best_validation_score so far: 0.241889
    Fitting model 3/8
    hyperparameters: {'n_estimators': 10, 'max_features': 'log2'}
    computed_metrics: [0.13923134159755857]
    Model 3/8, Metric r2_score, Validation set 2: 0.139231
    	best_validation_score so far: 0.241889
    Fitting model 4/8
    hyperparameters: {'n_estimators': 10, 'max_features': None}
    computed_metrics: [0.068066979889086832]
    Model 4/8, Metric r2_score, Validation set 3: 0.068067
    	best_validation_score so far: 0.241889
    Fitting model 5/8
    hyperparameters: {'n_estimators': 100, 'max_features': 'auto'}
    computed_metrics: [0.13350083343444363]
    Model 5/8, Metric r2_score, Validation set 4: 0.133501
    	best_validation_score so far: 0.241889
    Fitting model 6/8
    hyperparameters: {'n_estimators': 100, 'max_features': 'sqrt'}
    computed_metrics: [0.27500018179983798]
    Model 6/8, Metric r2_score, Validation set 5: 0.275000
    	best_validation_score so far: 0.275000
    Fitting model 7/8
    hyperparameters: {'n_estimators': 100, 'max_features': 'log2'}
    computed_metrics: [0.24719988102520696]
    Model 7/8, Metric r2_score, Validation set 6: 0.247200
    	best_validation_score so far: 0.275000
    Fitting model 8/8
    hyperparameters: {'n_estimators': 100, 'max_features': None}
    computed_metrics: [0.15709535184995427]
    Model 8/8, Metric r2_score, Validation set 7: 0.157095
    	best_validation_score so far: 0.275000
    computed_metrics: [0.94421662988139621]
    Best hyperparameters: (100, 'sqrt')
    train_score: 0.944217
    validation_score: 0.275000


The best model achieves significantly higher :math:`R^2` on the
validation set than the first model we constructed. Now, let’s perform
the same sort of hyperparameter search, but with a simple deep-network
instead.

.. code:: ipython3

    import numpy.random
    
    params_dict = {"learning_rate": np.power(10., np.random.uniform(-5, -3, size=1)),
                   "decay": np.power(10, np.random.uniform(-6, -4, size=1)),
                   "nb_epoch": [20] }
    n_features = train_dataset.get_data_shape()[0]
    def model_builder(model_params, model_dir):
      model = dc.models.TensorflowMultiTaskRegressor(
        1, n_features, layer_sizes=[1000], dropouts=[.25],
        batch_size=50, **model_params)
      return model
    
    optimizer = dc.hyper.HyperparamOpt(model_builder)
    best_dnn, best_dnn_hyperparams, all_dnn_results = optimizer.hyperparam_search(
        params_dict, train_dataset, valid_dataset, transformers,
        metric=metric)


.. parsed-literal::

    Fitting model 1/1
    hyperparameters: {'learning_rate': 0.00023048114774615143, 'nb_epoch': 20, 'decay': 4.6386701591998651e-06}
    Training for 20 epochs
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 0: Average loss 2.90304
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 1: Average loss 1.80178
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 2: Average loss 1.49158
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 3: Average loss 1.32873
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 4: Average loss 1.1639
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 5: Average loss 1.00606
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 6: Average loss 0.93537
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 7: Average loss 0.866738
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 8: Average loss 0.785585
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 9: Average loss 0.735722
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 10: Average loss 0.693006
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 11: Average loss 0.620769
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 12: Average loss 0.59393
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 13: Average loss 0.565747
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 14: Average loss 0.558274
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 15: Average loss 0.522325
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 16: Average loss 0.52158
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 17: Average loss 0.483039
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 18: Average loss 0.472697
    On batch 0
    Ending epoch 19: Average loss 0.463411
    On batch 0
    TIMING: model fitting took 4.142 s True
    computed_metrics: [0.19197438493808416]
    Model 1/1, Metric r2_score, Validation set 0: 0.191974
    	best_validation_score so far: 0.191974
    computed_metrics: [0.81127373811679659]
    Best hyperparameters: (0.00023048114774615143, 20, 4.6386701591998651e-06)
    train_score: 0.811274
    validation_score: 0.191974


Now that we have a reasonable choice of hyperparameters, let’s evaluate
the performance of our best models on the test-set.

.. code:: ipython3

    rf_test_evaluator = Evaluator(best_rf, test_dataset, transformers)
    rf_test_r2score = rf_test_evaluator.compute_model_performance([metric])
    print("RF Test set R^2 %f" % (rf_test_r2score["r2_score"]))


.. parsed-literal::

    computed_metrics: [0.36485280404796627]
    RF Test set R^2 0.364853


.. code:: ipython3

    dnn_test_evaluator = Evaluator(best_dnn, test_dataset, transformers)
    dnn_test_r2score = dnn_test_evaluator.compute_model_performance([metric])
    print("DNN Test set R^2 %f" % (dnn_test_r2score["r2_score"]))


.. parsed-literal::

    computed_metrics: [0.24496914941196501]
    DNN Test set R^2 0.244969


Now, let’s plot the predicted :math:`R^2` scores versus the true
:math:`R^2` scores for the constructed model.

.. code:: ipython3

    task = "measured log solubility in mols per litre"
    predicted_test = best_rf.predict(test_dataset)
    true_test = test_dataset.y
    plt.scatter(predicted_test, true_test)
    plt.xlabel('Predicted log-solubility in mols/liter')
    plt.ylabel('True log-solubility in mols/liter')
    plt.title(r'RF- predicted vs. true log-solubilities')
    plt.show()



.. image:: solubility_files/solubility_34_0.png


.. code:: ipython3

    task = "measured log solubility in mols per litre"
    predicted_test = best_dnn.predict(test_dataset)
    true_test = test_dataset.y
    plt.scatter(predicted_test, true_test)
    plt.xlabel('Predicted log-solubility in mols/liter')
    plt.ylabel('True log-solubility in mols/liter')
    plt.title(r'DNN predicted vs. true log-solubilities')
    plt.show()



.. image:: solubility_files/solubility_35_0.png


[1] John S. Delaney. ESOL: Estimating aqueous solubility directly from
molecular structure. Journal of Chemical Information and Computer
Sciences, 44(3):1000–1005, 2004.

[2] Anderson, Eric, Gilman D. Veith, and David Weininger. SMILES, a line
notation and computerized interpreter for chemical structures. US
Environmental Protection Agency, Environmental Research Laboratory,
1987.

[3] Rogers, David, and Mathew Hahn. “Extended-connectivity
fingerprints.” Journal of chemical information and modeling 50.5 (2010):
742-754.

[4] Van Der Walt, Stefan, S. Chris Colbert, and Gael Varoquaux. “The
NumPy array:a structure for efficient numerical computation.” Computing
in Science & Engineering 13.2 (2011): 22-30.

[5] Bemis, Guy W., and Mark A. Murcko. “The properties of known drugs.
1. Molecular frameworks.” Journal of medicinal chemistry 39.15 (1996):
2887-2893.

[6] Pedregosa, Fabian, et al. “Scikit-learn: Machine learning in
Python.” The Journal of Machine Learning Research 12 (2011): 2825-2830.
